“Let us be grateful to the mirror for revealing to us our appearance only.” - Samuel Butler
“Tradition is a group of experiments that worked.” - Prostitute
“What is it that men are looking for in a woman? Outside of the looks component, the three biggest characteristics and traits are peace, femininity and sexual purity.” - Bryan Atlas
“Women are trained from birth, now, how they deserve to be treated, and men are trained from birth how they are supposed to treat women, but nobody is trained from birth for how they are supposed to treat men. This is a massive problem because the truth is that men know how to treat other men because we are in their company all the time, but women seem to fuckin suck at it, and I don’t think that was always the case; I think it’s due to the standard of how it is that they think they deserve to be treated by men without ever adhering to the standard that they think men deserve to be treated.” - Andrew Wilson
“I think that men essentially want peace in their home, they want their woman to anticipate their needs; the best way you can show a man respect is to understand and anticipate the things that he wants before he even knows that he wants them, and the way that shows respect and the way that shows that you love him is that if you can anticipate those things, he will know that you are paying attention to him very closely, that he is the focus; and the third thing is that you have to put him above your own needs and desires, and I think that is what women in modernity fail at the most is that they want men to put them on a pedestal.” - Andrew Wilson
“The highest value a man can offer to planet earth is that his bloodline lives on, that cross-generationally you have clones of yourself that will live on across the generations-even if you’re forgotten-your blood still exists.” - Andrew Wilson
“Of all duties, prayer certainly is the sweetest and most easy.” - Laurence Sterne
“As America celebrates Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have given their lives in our nation’s wars.” - John M. McHugh
“He who angers you conquers you.” - Elizabeth Kenny
“Why take responsibility for your life? All the responsibilities you do not shoulder will be taken up by tyrants and used against you. That’s the iron law of human existence.” - Jordan Peterson
“Don’t let familiarity breed contempt.” - Mark Twain
“Enter by the narrow gate. For the gate is wide, and the way is easy that leads to destruction, and those who enter by it are many. For the gate is narrow and the way is hard that leads to life, and those who find it are few.“ - Matthew 7:13
"Science can get ahead of itself and be reductionist. We are whole systems of enormous complexity, and science tries to decomplexify and disambiguate things, so it's very narrowly focused. If you have a stimulus response they can measure... that's not the way the human immune system works. The human immune system is an entourage effect of synergy, and keeping that in balance is the key." - Paul Stamets
“The true genius in advertising is to sell you the solution and the problem.” - George Orwell
“It is better to live in a desert land than with a quarrelsome and fretful woman.” - Proverbs 21:19
“It is better to live in a corner of the housetop than in a house shared with a quarrelsome wife.” - Proverbs 21:9
“We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier.” - Walter Savage Landor
“I’ll make a ghost of you if you keep talking like that.” - ES
“Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.” - Leo Buscaglia
“Here cometh April again, and as far as I can see the world hath more fools in it than ever.” - Charles Lamb
“It is a huge red flag, and in most cases, a deal-breaker, if your girl is going out to bars and clubs. It has nothing to do with insecurity and I’ll tell you why. Here’s a dream-world hypothetical scenario to put it in context for you ladies: Would you be okay with your long-term monogamous partner going to a night club, bar or party type environment where throughout the course of the night he’s going to get approached, flirted with and sexually pursued by numerous attractive women, some of which are more attractive than you and could potentially be a better partner than you, and these women are buying him drinks, getting him drunk and enthusiastically want to sleep with him that night and steal him away from you. You’re going to tell me you’d be okay with that?” - Bryan Atlas
“Why do these rich people need to keep sex trafficking in this country? Haven’t we, in this country, done enough to promote whores? Aren’t there enough whores in this country for everyone? Everywhere I look there are whores. Women are putting things in their ass on onlyfans to make $6…you don’t think they’ll come over and fuck you in your mansion in Miami? Can we please stop sex trafficking. By the way, it’s expensive to sex traffic…flights are expensive.” - Tim Dillon
“The road to hell is paved with good intentions.” - Saint Bernard of Clairvaux
“Trust not a woman when she weeps, for it is her nature to weep when she wants her will.” - Socrates
“For we are God’s handiwork, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.” - Ephesians 2:10
“Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.” - Joshua 1:9
“The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.” - Gustave Flaubert
“Everything’s been figured out, except how to live.” - Jean-Paul Sartre
“Men fall in love with looks, that’s why women wear makeup. Women fall in love with words, that’s why men lie.” - JayEkin
“If the boomers can be explained in one sentence it’s a woman sitting down drinking a coffee going ‘the Irish were slaves too.’“ - Tim Dillon 
“You grow up the day you have the first real laugh at yourself.” - Ethel Barrymore
“Men have to work 10 times as hard as their grandfathers did for women who are 20 times as worse as their grandmothers.” - Bryan Atlas
“Love is the highest form of play.” - Jordan Peterson
“Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.” - James Stephens
“I will trust you-I will extend my hand to you-despite the risk of betrayal, because it is possible, through trust, to bring out the best in you, and perhaps in me.” - Jordan Peterson
“I think we have to stop punishing ourselves for considering things that once seemed crazy.” - Bret Weinstein 
“Remember the Disney stories we grew up with…this idea of living in a wishing well with your family and making wishes all day, when you read that story as a kid you’d think that’s the shit, it’s beautiful, but now you realize as an adult it’s just a well people throw cigarettes in and it’s a horrible place.” - Tim Dillon
“The happiest people seem to be those who have no particular cause for being happy except that they are so.” - William Inge
“In transporting the breath, the inhalation must be full. When it is full, it has big capacity. When it has big capacity, it can be extended. When it is extended, it can penetrate downward. When it penetrates downward, it will become calmly settled. When it is calmly settled, it will be strong and firm. When it is strong and firm, it will germinate. When it germinates, it will grow. When it grows, it will retreat upward. When it retreats upward, it will reach the top of the head. The secret power of Providence moves above. The secret power of the Earth moves below. He who follows this will live. He who acts against this will die.” - 500 BCE ZHOU DYNASTY STONE INSCRIPTION
"Defeat may serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out." - Edwin Markham
“We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” - E. M. Forster
“People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.” - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
“Better to live in a desert than with a quarrelsome and nagging wife.” - Proverbs 21:19
“Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself.” - Ausonius
“Shut out every other consideration and keep yourself before God for this one thing only-My Utmost for His Highest. I am determined to be absolutely and entirely for Him and for Him alone.” - Oswald Chambers
“The whole point of getting things done is knowing what to leave undone.” - Oswald Chambers
“There’s a world of difference between truth and facts. Facts can obscure the truth.” - Maya Angelou
“In the dating world, men and women use different strategies to get similar outcomes. Men are salesmen and women are marketers. Women don’t approach men, they put themselves in positions where they could be approached by men. For example, on Instagram, they won’t dm a guy but they’ll post pictures to lure men into dm’ing them. So in a committed relationship men should stop pitching and women should stop advertising.” - Bryan Atlas
“You aren’t a master of something until you can deal with it with a light touch no matter how dark a subject that it is. The darker the subject the more mastery you have to have to make light of it without it going sideways. I do think it’s a sign of mastery and that’s why people enjoy the laughter so much because it is a signal of mastery of tragedy, and of what’s forbidden or dark.” - Jordan Peterson
“Most people are fundamentally deranged with a veneer of civility.” - Michael Malice
“Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.” - William Arthur Ward
“People will tell you what they are up to if you know how to pay attention.” - Jonathon Pageau
“Once you know the way broadly you will see it in all things.” - Miyamoto Musashi
“The Texan solution to the Comanches great plain warring tactics and skill was ‘ranging companies’, which was unique in western military history. That was largely because, by anyone else’s standards, the companies made no sense at all. They violated every rule of military organization and protocol; every standard of hierarchy that allowed a traditional army to function. They fit no known category: They were neither police nor regular army nor militia. They had been officially organized, in 1835 and 1836, behind the thunderous oratory of Cynthia Ann's uncle Daniel Parker, who became the prime mover in their establishment. They were meant to step into the void left by the army that had fought at San Jacinto, almost all of which had been furloughed by 1837. The plan had looked good on paper. Six hundred mounted gunmen-Parker's legislation referred to them as ‘rangers,’ the first official use of the word-were commissioned to hunt Indians and defend the frontier. But in reality, the tiny, resourceless government provided neither guns nor men nor mounts. It provided no uniforms, provisions, or barracks. There were never anywhere near six hundred men that could be classified as Rangers; often fifty was more like it; sometimes one hundred. And because there was no formal, political organization around them, no one was designated to appoint officers. They arose casually and by acclaim and solely on merit; the rank and file gave them their commissions. In the absence of provisions, Rangers hunted for themselves, often going into the field with only water and a mixture of sugar and parched corn they called ‘cold flour’; sometimes they were given food by the communities they defended. Sometimes they stole chickens. The only thing the government reliably provided, in its wisdom, was ammunition. Oddly, considered the fact that almost nothing was given them, there seems to have been no real problem with recruitment: the western part of Texas in this years was awash in young, reckless, single men with a taste for wide open spaces, danger, and raw adventure. They were almost all in their twenties, and they came to San Antonio looking for something other than a comfortable, sedentary life on a farm. They liked the idea of killing Comanches and Mexicans. Most of the famous Ranger captains had completed their careers by the time they were thirty-two. They had no property other than their horses and often no steady jobs. Without them, the idea of the ranging companies would never have worked. They were happy to stay in the field for three to six months, the usual length of a Ranger commission. On this seemingly nonsensical model, Texas’s primitive Indian fighting organizations developed in the years 1836 to 1840. The Rangers were simply what was needed, and they grew organically from that premise.” - S.C. Gwynne
“The Comanche would grasp five to ten arrows in his left hand and discharge them so rapidly that the last will be on its flight before the first has touched the ground, and with such force that each would mortally wound a man at 20-30 yards” - Colonel Richard Dodge
“I remember the end of the hipsters in Williamsburg, the last unicycle that rode over the Pulaski bridge. There was a time when snobbery was a religion, and the hipster was the guardian of that. Sam Chris has a substack article about them where he describes them as the ‘last non-algorithmic attempt at telling you what is good.’ Hipsters were always these people that knew better than you, they knew more bands than you, read the novels you didn’t, read theory, they were cool, they dressed in thrift shop clothes and look like flappers from the twenties, they went to the cool comedy shows and music shows, drank at all the cool speakeasy bullshit places, and that was an entire identity that was in Brooklyn that spread to Los Angeles, Austin, Portland and all over the place. But then it ended, as all of these movements ended, in a very clownish way, because the third wave people, the ones that are left at the end, it’s sad, people that are glomming on to the very end of it that barely understand it. This is the end of the woke movement. We’ve seen the end of it, from this police cam footage of a drunk, self-proclaimed non-binary indigenous person who is mentally-ill, riddled with ptsd and depression.” - Tim Dillon
“Tipping has become the act of coerced generosity.” - Matt Walsh
“Lies - incorporating makeup - and sex, are women’s primary tools for the acquisition of power. Men have to earn their value through work, sacrifice and disposability. Truth benefits men because it helps them adapt. Women prefer lies because it helps them usurp power.” - Unknown
“A man’s face is his autobiography. A woman’s face is her work of fiction.” - Bryan Atlas
“You want to have a meaningful life? Then everything you do matters. You have to carry that with you in the face of that.” - Jordan Peterson
“Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create gay men, gay men create hard times.” - Anonymous
“The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.” - Mark Twain
"But now, Lord, what do I look for? My hope is in you." - Psalms 39:7
“Of all human activities, man’s listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.” - Pope Paul VI
“If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.” - Lucy Larcom
“When all else is lost, the future still remains.” - Christian Nestell Bovee 
“And God is able to bless you abundantly, so that in all things at all times, having all that you need, you will abound in every good work.” - 2 Corinthians 9:8
“God is our refuge and strength, a helper who is always found in times of trouble. Therefore, we will not be afraid, though the Earth trembles and the mountains topple into the depths of the seas.” - Psalm 46: 1-2
“Change before you have to.” - Jack Welch
“No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but painful. Later on, however, it produces a harvest of righteousness and peace for those who have been trained by it.” - Hebrews 12:11
“For whoever wants to save their life will lose it, but whoever loses their life for me and for the gospel will save it.” - Mark 8:35
“I have come to believe that this is a mighty continent which was hitherto unknown.” - Christopher Columbus
“People will do anything-no matter how absurd-in order to avoid facing their own souls. One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious.” - Carl Jung
“We shall not cease from exploration And the end of all our exploring Will be to arrive where we started And know the place for the first time. Through the unknown, remembered gate When the last of earth left to discover Is that which was the beginning; At the source of the longest river The voice of the hidden waterfall And the children in the apple-tree Not known, because not looked for But heard, half-heard, in the stillness Between two waves of the sea.” - T. S. Eliot
“Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.” - Khalil Gibran
“Buffalo hump was a survivor, a charismatic leader who spoke fluent Spanish and would live to fight many campaigns, even after most of his band had been destroyed. He was Spirit Talker’s nephew. He had first encountered white colonists, taibos, at the Barton Springs settlement in Austin in 1828, where he conversed with them in Spanish and charmed them and was described as ‘magnificent specimen of savage manhood.’ Buffalo Hump had one of those Comanche names—there were a large number of them—that the prudish whites could not quite bring themselves to translate. His Nermernuh name, properly transliterated, was Po-cha-na-quar-hip, which meant ‘erection that won’t go down.’” - S. C. Gwynne, from the book ‘Empire of the Summer Moon’
“Religion is inescapable. Everybody has a faith commitment, but the faith commitment in reason cannot justify knowledge, it actually causes experience to be absurd. If you asked an atheist or secularist ‘How do you know anything at all?’ They could say ‘Well I know things through reason and experience.’ I would then say ‘How do you know your reasoning is reliable?’ Now they could say 2 things: ‘Well I know my reasoning is reliable because of science and studies.’ That leads to a vicious circular argument. Or they could then say ‘Well I don’t know, I don’t know if my reasoning is reliable, then they give up knowledge. So this secular human worldview leads to giving up knowledge, and once you can’t justify it everything you do after that point makes no sense. You’re saying everything you do you’re assuming you know things when you drive your car or go to work; you have to assume the uniformity in nature and gods design in order to live life, in order to make experience intelligible. So I have a faith commitment in the Bible that makes all of experience intelligible. And they have a faith commitment in reason and experience through which they can know nothing at all.“ - Andrew Cook
“The way slot machines in a casino work is tracked back to a behavior loop called a ‘scarcity loop’. When people do this looping behavior they tend to get hooked on it very easy. It’s got 3 parts: opportunity, unpredictable rewards, and quick repeatability. This 3 part system can get people to repeat a lot of other behaviors too. It is in social media, sports gambling, dating apps, gig work economies, personal finance apps, etc. It’s been embedded in so many of the products and institutions that influence people’s lives.” - Michael Easter
“Life is an adventure in forgiveness.” - Norman Cousins
“Unknown Heavens are scarier to people than known Hells.” - Proverb
"The desert wind would salt their ruins and there would be nothing, no ghost or scribe, to tell any pilgrim in his passing how it was that people had lived in this place and in this place had died." - Cormac McCarthy
“Imagine thinking to yourself ‘You know what animal seems the most ninja like’ and coming up with turtles. That would be like coming up with the perfect protagonist for a video game and going ‘yeah let’s make him a plumber.’” - William Montgomery
“The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.” - Benjamin Disraeli
"The greatest commandment is to love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind." - Jesus
“Behold, I shew you a mystery; we shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed.” - Jesus
“The Kingdom of God is spread across the Earth but men do not see it.” - Jesus
"Do not judge, and you will not be judged. Do not condemn, and you will not be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven." - Jesus
"But I say to you, Love your enemies, bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who spitefully use you and persecute you." - Jesus
"You have heard that it was said, 'An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.' But I say to you, Do not resist the one who is evil. But if anyone slaps you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also." - Jesus
"Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened to you. For everyone who asks receives, and everyone who seeks finds, and to everyone who knocks, the door will be opened." - Jesus
"But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you." - Jesus
“When you speak the truth, whatever happens is the best possible thing that could have happened.” - Jordan Peterson
“The answer to the problem of humanity is the integrity of the individual.” - Jordan Peterson
“Want to have a meaningful life? Then everything you do matters. And you’re going to have to carry that with you. You have to take on the fact that life is suffering; you have to put yourself together in the face of that. That’s hard. Get yourself together. Transcend your suffering. See if you can be some kind of hero. Make the suffering in the world less. Well that’s the way forward if there is anyway forward.” - Jordan Peterson
“God is Truth and Truth is God. Contemplate this. No one comes through the father except through truth. Truth will set you free. But it will also break apart what isn’t true inside of you and around you.” - Jordan Peterson
“Why do we have a capacity for mystical experiences? Who knows! It’s associated with a sense of awe. It’s associated with the same feeling you get when you listen to particularly dramatic music — or when something moves you deeply, when the hair on your back stands up, that’s the same thing as piloerection, that’s the same thing that happens to a cat when it looks at a particularly big dog. It’s awe. You feel that when there’s a swell of music.” - Jordan Peterson
“One of the things that the Israelites in the Old Testament came up with is that you can bargain with reality, and the thing is you can, that’s one of the things that’s so cool. And partly the reason you can bargain with reality is because the reality that you encounter as you move forward in time is partly the world, but partly the abstract social system. So you can bargain with the future abstract social system all the time. You do that all the time, you do that every time you make a promise, you do that every time you sacrifice one thing for another, you forego an impulsive temptation and that gives you a moral claim that you can redeem in the future. That happens all the time. That’s what money is.” - Jordan Peterson
“The Word that produced order from chaos sacrifices everything, even itself, to God. That single sentence, wise beyond comprehension, sums up Christianity. Every bit of learning is a little death.” - Jordan Peterson
“It’s not an easy thing to live in a truthful manner, but the alternative is hell.” - Jordan Peterson
“Say what you mean, so that you can find out what you mean. Act out what you say so that you can find out what happens. Then pay attention. Note your errors. Articulate them. Strive to correct them. That is how you discover the meaning of your life. That will protect you from the tragedy of your life. How could it be otherwise? Confront the chaos of Being. Take aim against a sea of troubles. Specify your destination, and chart your course. Admit to what you want. Tell those around you who you are. Narrow, and gaze attentively, and move forward forthrightly. Be precise in your speech.” - Jordan Peterson
“The thing that’s so interesting about being alive is that you’re all in. No matter what you do you’re all in. This is going to kill you. So I think you might as well play the most magnificent game you can while you’re waiting...because do you have anything better to do. Why not pick the best thing possible that you could do? People find such meaning in the responsibilities they adopt. If you stopped wasting time and if you stopped lying and if you oriented yourself to the highest possible good that you could conceive of. How much good could you do? Well why don’t you find out? All you have to do is give up your resentment and your hatred. The answer to the problem of humanity is the integrity of the individual.” - Jordan Peterson
“Everything is worth paying attention to an infinite amount but you don’t have enough time. So the artist does that for you so that you can look at the painting, and that reminds you that everything that there is is right where you are.” - Jordan Peterson
“To straddle that fundamental duality is to be balanced: to have one foot firmly planted in order and security, and the other in chaos, possibility, growth and adventure. When life suddenly reveals itself as intense, gripping and meaningful; when time passes and you're so engrossed in what you're doing you don't notice–it is there and then that you are located precisely on the border between order and chaos.” - Jordan Peterson
“Truth reduces the terrible complexity of a man to the simplicity of his word.” - Jordan Peterson
“If you will not reveal yourself to others, you cannot reveal yourself to yourself. That does not only mean that you suppress who you are, it means that so much of what you could be will never be forced by necessity to come forward. This is a biological truth, as well as a conceptual truth.” - Jordan Peterson
“Orient yourself. Then-and only then-concentrate on the day. Set your sights at the Good, the Beautiful, and the True, and then focus pointedly and carefully on the concerns of each moment. Aim continually at Heaven while you work diligently on Earth. Attend fully to the future, in that manner, while attending fully to the present. Then you have the best chance at perfecting both.” - Jordan Peterson
“Deep down you know exactly what you’re capable of. There’s even moments where you get a glimpse of all the potential you have. You can get there. You just have to be willing to sacrifice the habits, things, and situations that are standing in your way of success.” - Jordan Peterson
“The purpose of life is finding the largest burden you can bear and bearing it. Be some kind of hero.” - Jordan Peterson
“The case that we learn in pain can make us nostalgic for our ignorance.” - Jordan Peterson
“The problems that grip you are the portal to your destiny.” - Jordan Peterson
“Read history like it’s about you.” - Jordan Peterson
“Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.” - Jordan Peterson
“Discover our own personal nature. We must discover that nature, and contend with it, before making peace with ourselves. What is it, that we most truly are? What is it that we could most truly become, knowing who we most truly are? We must get to the very bottom of things before such questions can truly be answered.” - Jordan Peterson
“Sometimes, when things are not going well, it’s not the world that’s the cause. The cause is instead that which is currently most valued, subjectively and personally.” - Jordan Peterson
“Freedom is not something that makes people happy. It’s not for happiness. It’s for nobility. It’s for high quality of life. It’s so that you can have a life that’s worth living, to bear responsibility and to act in a manner that you can live with.” - Jordan Peterson
“Carl Jung thought of marriage as a container for alchemical transformation; a container that would produce a heat so intense that the base metal of your psyche could be transformed into something ideal. But it has to be a container that can take heat, because it requires heat to transform. So you ask yourself how much heat and pressure would it take to transform somebody as base as yourself…the answer might be ‘a lot of heat and pressure before I’m going to become purified in any real sense’. So what’s the heat and pressure? You don’t get to run away! You’re stuck with that person and they’re stuck with you! You made a vow. It’s like uh oh you made a vow: you’re stuck with you, just like I am stuck with me. The vow is exactly that in some real sense. I’m going to treat you like you’re me, and you don’t even like yourself very much so that’s a vicious vow. The vow is a necessary act of faith. When you both know you’re stuck with each other, and you acknowledge that and mean it, then you’ll find a way to get along. You’ll communicate and find a way to not fight with each other every day for the next 50 years.” - Jordan Peterson
“We can take the idea of compensation (action towards balance), so understood, as a law of psychic happening. Too little on one side results in too much on the other. The relation between conscious and unconscious is compensatory. This fact, which is easily verifiable, affords a rule for dream interpretation. It is always helpful, when we set out to interpret a dream, to ask: what conscious attitude does it compensate?” - Carl Jung
“Dreams give information about the secrets of the inner life and reveal to the dreamer hidden factors of his personality. As long as these are undiscovered, they disturb his waking life and betray themselves only in the form of symptoms.” - Carl Jung
“Dreams may give expression to ineluctable truths, to philosophical pronouncements, illusions, wild fantasies, memories, plans, anticipations, irrational experiences, even telepathic visions.” - Carl Jung
“The dream gives a true picture of the subjective state, while the conscious mind denies that this state exists, or recognizes it only grudgingly.” - Carl Jung
“Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it faith.” - Carl Jung
“The highest, most decisive experience is to be alone with one’s own self. You must be alone to find out what supports you, when you find that you can not support yourself. Only this experience can give you an indestructible foundation.” - Carl Jung
“Man’s task is to become conscious of the contents that press upward from the unconscious.” - Carl Jung
“One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious.” - Carl Jung
“A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them.” - Carl Jung
“Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.” - Carl Jung
“The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it.” - Carl Jung
“Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.” - Carl Jung
“Every human life contains a potential, if that potential is not fulfilled, then that life was wasted…” - Carl Jung
“We cannot change anything unless we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.” - Carl Jung
“Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.” - Carl Jung
“What you resist, persists.” - Carl Jung
“The acceptance of oneself is the essence of the whole moral problem and the epitome of a whole outlook on life.” - Carl Jung
“The urge to become what one is is invincibly strong, and you can always count on it, but that does not mean that things will necessarily turn out positively. If you are not interested in your own fate, the unconscious is.” - Carl Jung
“Be silent and listen: have you recognized your madness and do you admit it? Have you noticed that all your foundations are completely mired in madness? Do you not want to recognize your madness and welcome it in a friendly manner? You wanted to accept everything. So accept madness too. Let the light of your madness shine, and it will suddenly dawn on you. Madness is not to be despised and not to be feared, but instead you should give it life…If you want to find paths, you should also not spurn madness, since it makes up such a great part of your nature…Be glad that you can recognize it, for you will thus avoid becoming its victim. Madness is a special form of the spirit and clings to all teachings and philosophies, but even more to daily life, since life itself is full of craziness and at bottom utterly illogical. Man strives toward reason only so that he can make rules for himself. Life itself has no rules. That is its mystery and its unknown law. What you call knowledge is an attempt to impose something comprehensible on life.” - Carl Jung
“I have become convinced that there is no punishment that comes to us in this life on earth which is undeserved. Superficially it can have nothing to do with what we are guilty of in actual fact, but if you go over your life with a fine-tooth comb and ponder it deeply, you will always be able to hunt down that transgression of yours for which you have now received this blow.” - Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
“From man to man, as he completes his brief spell on Earth, art transfers the whole weight of an unfamiliar, lifelong experience with all its burdens, its colors, its sap of life; it recreates in the flesh an unknown experience and allows us to possess it as our own.” - Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
“Don’t be thinking that the line that divides good from evil runs down the political spectrum or countries, it runs down the middle of the individuals soul. If you want to sort out the world you have to sort out yourself.” - Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
“Faith does not offer the least support for a proof of objective truth. Here the ways of men part: if you wish to strive for peace of soul and pleasure, then believe; if you wish to be a devotee of truth, then inquire...” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“The true man wants two things: danger and play.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“Be careful, lest in casting out your demon you exorcise the best thing in you.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“The secret for harvesting from existence the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment is: to live dangerously!” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“When you gaze long into an abyss the abyss also gazes into you.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." - Friedrich Nietzsche
“A joke is an epigram on the death of a feeling.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“Truth tends to reveal its highest wisdom in the guise of simplicity.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“Life is continually shedding something that wants to die.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“A strong and well-constituted man digests his experiences (deeds and misdeeds all included) just as he digests his meats, even when he has some tough morsels to swallow.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“The best friend will probably acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is founded on the talent for friendship.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“It is not the strength, but the duration, of great sentiments that makes great men.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“The modern man interprets freedom as the rapid multiplication and satisfaction of desire.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Literature is a picture, or rather in a certain sense both a picture and a mirror.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“A murder by a sentence is far more dreadful than a murder committed by a criminal.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“I would soon remain with Christ than with the truth.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“What is hell? I maintain that it is suffering of being unable to love.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“I have so much to say to you that I am afraid I shall tell you nothing.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“You ache with it all; and the more mysterious it is, the more you ache.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Man is sometimes extraordinarily, passionately, in love with suffering.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“With such a hell in your heart and your head, how can you live? How can you love?” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Don't let us forget that the causes of human actions are usually immeasurably more complex and varied than our subsequent explanations of them.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“I used to imagine adventures for myself, I invented a life, so that I could at least exist somehow.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Here is a commandment for you: seek happiness in sorrow. Work, work tirelessly.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Destroy my desires, eradicate my ideals, show me something better, and I will follow you.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“If everything on earth were rational, nothing would ever happen.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“If you want to overcome the whole world, overcome yourself.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“Be not forgetful of prayer. Every time you pray, if your prayer is sincere, there will be new feeling and new meaning in it, which will give you fresh courage, and you will understand that prayer is an education.” - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
“If you can embrace this without fear or expectation-can find fulfillment in what you’re doing now, as Nature intended, and in superhuman truthfulness (every word, every utterance)-then your life will be happy. No one can prevent that.” - Marcus Aurelius
“People ask, 'Have you ever seen the gods you worship? How can you be sure they exist?' i. Just look around you. ii. I’ve never seen my soul either. And yet I revere it. That’s how I know the gods exist and why I revere them from having felt their power, over and over.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Concentrate every minute like a Roman-like a man-on doing what’s in front of you with precise and genuine seriousness, tenderly, willingly, with justice. And on freeing yourself from all other distractions. Yes, you can-if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in your life, and stop being aimless, stop lettings your emotions override what your mind tells you, stop being hypocritical, self-centered, irritable. You see how few things you have to do to live a satisfying and reverent life? If you can manage this, that’s all even the gods can ask of you.” - Marcus Aurelius
“We need to master the art of acquiescence. We need to pay attention to our impulses, making sure they don’t go un-moderated, that they benefit others, that they’re worth of us. We need to steer clear of desire in any form and not try to avoid what’s beyond our control.” - Marcus Aurelius
“The soul as a sphere in equilibrium: not grasping at things beyond it or retreating inward. Not fragmenting outward, not sinking back in itself, but ablaze with light and looking at the truth, without and within.” - Marcus Aurelius
“The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Humans were made to help others. And when we do help others - or help them to do something - we’re doing what we were designed for. We perform our function.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Start praying like this and you’ll see... Not 'some way to sleep with her'-but a way to stop wanting to. Not 'some way to get rid of him'-but a way to stop trying. Not 'some way to save my child'-but a way to lose your fear. Redirect your prayers like that, and watch what happens.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Do what nature demands. Get a move on-if you have it in you-and don’t worry whether anyone will give you credit for it. And don’t go expecting Plato’s Republic; be satisfied with even the smallest progress, and treat the outcome of it all as unimportant.” - Marcus Aurelius
“People find pleasure in different ways. I find it in keeping my mind clear. I’m not turning away from people or the things that happened to them. In accepting and welcoming everything I see. In treating each thing as it deserves.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Think of yourself as dead. You have lived your life. Now take what’s left and live it properly.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Look at the past-empire succeeding empire-and from that, extrapolate the future: the same thing. No escape from the rhythm of events. Which is why observing life for forty years is as good as a thousand. Would you really see anything new?” - Marcus Aurelius
“Self-contraction: the mind’s requirements are satisfied by doing what we should, and by the calm it brings.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Keep in mind how fast things pass by and are gone-those that are now, and those to come. Existence flows past us like a river: the 'what' is in constant flux, the 'why' has a thousand variations. Nothing is stable, not even what’s right here. The infinity of past and future gapes before us-a chasm whose depths we cannot see. So it would take an idiot to feel self-importance or distress. Or any indignation, either. As if things that irritate us lasted.” - Marcus Aurelius
“In reality the more we deny ourselves of things-or deprive of them involuntary, even-the better we become.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Time is a river, a violent current of events, glimpsed once and already carried past us, and another follows and is gone.” - Marcus Aurelius
“If you seek tranquility, do less, or more accurately, do what’s essential. Because most of what we say and do is not essential. If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquility. Ask yourself at every moment, “Is this necessary?” - Marcus Aurelius
“The present is the same for everyone: its loss is the same for everyone; and it should be clear that a brief instant is all that is lost. For you can’t lose either the past or the future; how could you lose what you don’t have?” - Marcus Aurelius
“The very essence of instinct is that it is followed independently of reason.” - Charles Darwin
“It is not the strongest of the species that survives, not the most intelligent that survives. It is one that is the most adaptable to change." - Charles Darwin
“God did not create man in his image; man was merely the next step in a chain of evolution propelled forward by natural selection." - Charles Darwin
“The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive, is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts." - Charles Darwin
“One general law, leading to the advancement of all organic beings, namely, multiply, vary, let the strongest live and the weakest die." - Charles Darwin
“Everything in nature is the result of fixed laws." - Charles Darwin
“The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man." - Charles Darwin
"If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week." - Charles Darwin
“It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.” - Henry David Thoreau
“To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of the arts.” - Henry David Thoreau
“The universe is wider than our views of it.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Things do not change; we change.” - Henry David Thoreau
“What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.” - Henry David Thoreau
“How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Be not simply good–be good for something.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Not all who wander are lost.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth.” - Henry David Thoreau
“It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Goodness is the only investment that never fails.” - Henry David Thoreau
“It is better to have your head in the clouds, and know where you are… than to breathe the clearer atmosphere below them, and think that you are in paradise.” - Henry David Thoreau
“I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately…” - Henry David Thoreau
“Our life is frittered away by detail…simplify, simplify.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you. But if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.” - Henry David Thoreau
“We need the tonic of wildness…At the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be indefinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable. We can never have enough of nature.” - Henry David Thoreau
“You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Only that traveling is good which reveals to me the value of home and enables me to enjoy it better.” - Henry David Thoreau
“As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.” - Henry David Thoreau
“We live amid surfaces and the true art of life is to skate well on them." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Do not require a description of the countries towards which you sail. The description does not describe them to you, and tomorrow you arrive there and know them by inhabiting them.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The secret of ugliness consists not in irregularity, but in being uninteresting.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Envy is ignorance, imitation is suicide.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“For nonconformity the world whips you with its displeasure.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The only way to have a friend is to be one.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The health of the eye seems to demand a horizon. We are never tired, so long as we can see far enough.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Men imagine that they communicate their virtue or vice only by overt actions, and do not see that virtue or vice emit a breath every moment.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The stars awaken a certain reverence, because though always present, they are inaccessible; but all natural objects make a kindred impression, when the mind is open to their influence.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Nothing divine dies. All good is eternally reproductive. The beauty of nature reforms itself in the mind, and not for barren contemplation, but for new creation.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“We ask for long life, but ‘tis deep life, or grand moments, that signify. Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“One of the illusions is that the present hour is not the critical, decisive hour. Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. No man has learned anything rightly until he knows that every day is Doomsday.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“The philosophy of individual rights, springing from the biblical beliefs that individual human beings are created in God’s image and that individual virtue matters, were the key to enlightenment. So was the search for knowledge rooted in the belief that God had a master plan for the universe, that human beings were blessed with the free will and the reason to investigate that plan, and that we had a moral duty to seek God and to better our own stations materially and spiritually through that search.” - Ben Shapiro
“Lasting pleasure can only be achieved through cultivation of soul and mind. And cultivating our souls and minds requires us to live with moral purpose.” - Ben Shapiro
“Capitalism invariably boils down to barter between two willing parties, neither of whom uses force to work with the other.” - Ben Shapiro
“It is possible to take the story of Noah figuratively, although virtually every Near East ancient civilization has its own version of the flood story (including the amoral epic of Gilgamesh).” - Ben Shapiro
“Politics is about working to build a framework for the pursuit of happiness, not the achievement of it; politics helps us establish the preconditions necessary for happiness, but can’t provide happiness.” - Ben Shapiro
“In a transcendent state you can see infinity in the finite.” - Aldous Huxley
“To be enlightened is to be aware, always, of total reality in its immanent otherness-to be aware of it and yet to remain in a condition to survive as an animal, to think and feel as a human being, to resort whenever expedient to systematic reasoning. Our goal is to discover that we have always been where we ought to be.” - Aldous Huxley
“When it comes to finding out how you and I, our children and grandchildren, may become more perceptive, more intensely aware of inward and outward reality, more open to the Spirit, less apt, by psychological malpractices, to make ourselves physically ill, and more capable of controlling our own autonomic nervous system-when it comes to any form of non-verbal education more fundamental (and more likely to be of some practical use) that Swedish drill, no really respectable person in any really respectable university or church will do anything about it.” - Aldous Huxley
“The urge to transcend self-conscious selfhood is a principal appetite of the soul.” - Aldous Huxley
“What is needed is a new drug which will relieve and console our suffering species without doing more harm in the long run than it does good in the short. Such a drug must be potent in minute doses and synthesizable. If it does not possess these qualities, its production, like that of wine, beer, spirits and tobacco will interfere with the raising of indispensable food and fibers. It must be less toxic than opium or cocaine, less likely to produce undesirable social consequences than alcohol or the barbiturates, less inimical to heart and lungs that the tars and nicotine of cigarettes. And, on the positive side, it should produce changes in consciousness more interesting, more intrinsically valuable than mere sedation or dreaminess, delusions of omnipotence or release from inhibition.” - Aldous Huxley
“The contemplative whose perception has been cleansed does not have to stay in his room. He can go about his business, so completely satisfied to see and be a part of the divine Order of Things that he will never even be tempted to indulge in what Traherne called “the dirty Devices of the World. When we feel ourselves to be sole heirs of the universe, when “the sea flows in our veins...and the stars are our holy, what motive can have for covetousness it self-assertion, for the pursuit of power or the dreamier forms of pleasure? Contemplatives are not likely to become gamblers, or procurers, or drunkards; they do not as a rule preach intolerance, or make war; do not find it necessary to rob, swindle or grind the faces of the poor.” - Aldous Huxley
“How was this cleansed perception to be reconciled with a proper concern with human relations, with the necessary chores and duties, to say nothing of charity and practical compassion? The age-old debate between the activities and the contemplatives was being renewed.” - Aldous Huxley
“What the rest of us see only under the influence of mescaline, the artist is congenitally equipped to see all the time. His perception is not limited to what is biological or socially useful. It is a knowledge of the intrinsic significance of every existent.” - Aldous Huxley
“The mind does its perceiving in terms of intensity of existence, profundity of significance, relationships with a pattern.” - Aldous Huxley
“Space was there but it lost its predominance. The mind was primarily concerned, not with measures and locations, but with being and meaning.” - Aldous Huxley
“Experience teaches only the teachable.” - Aldous Huxley
“As long as people fail to truly understand psychedelics and continue to use them as pleasure drugs and fail to appreciate the very deep, deep, psychic experiences they may induce, then their medical use will be held back.” - Albert Hofmann
“It's very, very dangerous to lose contact with living nature.” - Albert Hofmann
“Outside is pure energy and colorless substance. All of the rest happens through the mechanism of our senses. Our eyes see just a small fraction of the light in the world. It is a trick to make a colored world, which does not exist outside of human beings.” - Albert Hofmann
“By observing natural scientific discoveries through a perception deepened by meditation, we can develop a new awareness of reality. This awareness could become the bedrock of a spirituality that is not based on the dogmas of a given religion, but on insights into a higher and deeper meaning. I am referring to the ability to recognize, to read, and to understand the firsthand revelations.” - Albert Hofmann
“Try to meet a problem as if you have no thoughts at all toward it. This prevents rigid and unworkable ideas from operating and provides entrance for a higher level of understanding. A problem is really solved only when it is thoroughly understood.“ - Vernon Howard
“When you are consciously sick and tired of the way you are living, there is hope. Unconscious despair is a refusal to face the facts. Conscious suffering is heroism.” - Vernon Howard
“The great solution to all human problems is individual inner transformations.” - Vernon Howard
“What is love? Love is first a state of being and then an outer action. Love is first of all what you inwardly are, and secondly, what you do. It must come in this order, otherwise, it is not love but something masquerading as love. To the degree that we are genuinely loving, to that same degree are we genuinely happy.” - Vernon Howard
“Happiness appears when the inner self is in harmony with external realities.” - Vernon Howard
“You cannot try to be content. Do not be content with something. Just be content. You can be content. Right where you are. Right now. Without first adding something. Without first thinking about it.“ - Vernon Howard
“Knowledge is the observation of a fact. Knowing is the inward experience of that fact.” - Vernon Howard
“Don’t label. See the event or experience as something entirely separate from your attitude toward it. Be neutral. Don’t personalize. Don’t add your judgement. Detach your opinion. It is what people with inner peace do and is why they are able to handle each daily event with quiet power.” - Vernon Howard
“In worldly affairs it is all right to identify yourself as a doctor or lawyer or businessman, but psychologically, inwardly, you must be no one at all. As long as you need to be a psychological somebody, you will be afraid.” - Vernon Howard
“You must be able to see the value in every thought or feeling or experience that comes along. It is not enough for the value to be there; it must be recognized as value. You must be able to mentally see your hidden treasure.” - Vernon Howard
“Do not try to discover who you really are. Find out who you are not. Once you see who you are not, you will know who you are.” - Vernon Howard
“Sooner or later, all of us must see that negative feelings toward another person is like tossing dust at him while the wind blows against us. It all comes back.” - Vernon Howard
“Stand apart and behold your life. You don’t pay the price for that form of mankind’s madness. You are free.” - Vernon Howard
“Because you identify with them. You think that you are your attitudes. You think that your abandonment of these attitudes will leave you empty, a nobody, without support. But this is exactly what you must dare to do. You must drop your false mental view points without immediately substituting others. At first, this emptiness will leave you somewhat disturbed, puzzled. But stick with the vacancy, dare to face the emptiness. Then it will be filled with truth, just as a lake with brackish water must be drained before being refilled with fresh water.” - Vernon Howard
“Stop looking for ways to do things and simply start doing them.” - Vernon Howard
“To do something you must first be someone.” - Vernon Howard
“You act as you do because of the ideas you think from.” - Vernon Howard
“Whenever encountering a troublesome person, do not identify him as being cruel or stupid or rude or anything else like that. Instead, see him as a frightened person. An individual displays these negativities to the degree that he is afraid.” - Vernon Howard
“We must replace habitual action with fresh insight. By not doing the usual, we discover the unusual that clears our difficulties.” - Vernon Howard
“The process of becoming aware of that which one was not aware of constitutes the inner revolution of man. It is the true awakening which is at the root of both creative intellectual thought and intuitive immediate grasps.” - Vernon Howard
“Inner freedom is not a matter of adding anything-it is purely a ridding process. Here is one of the most startling and rewarding ideas you could ever grasp.” - Vernon Howard
“Nothing in the future is going to free you.” - Guy Finley
"The world says make something of yourself. God says let me make something of you." - Guy Finley
“There is no greater story than bearing an untold story inside you.” - Guy Finley
“Nothing in the universe can stop you from letting go and starting over.” - Guy Finley
“Every relationship that we have in our lives–our contact with each person, place, and event–serves a very special, if yet to be realized purpose: They are mirrors that can serve to show us things about ourselves that can be realized in no other way.” - Guy Finley
“The greatest power you possess in life is your understanding that life gives you a fresh start any moment you choose.” - Guy Finley
“Trying to 'fix' the people in your life that cause you pain is like massaging your shoes because your feet ache.” - Guy Finley
“Freedom is not overcoming what you think stands in your way. It is understanding that what is in your way is part of the way.” - Guy Finley
“The only reason your mind won’t stop its endless chattering is that you won’t stop listening to it!” - Guy Finley
“Everything passes. There is great beauty in this, both in the passing of pain and in the passing of pleasure. When things present themselves to you as permanent, don’t believe it.” - Guy Finley
“There is nothing as certain as silence, stillness, and solitude to introduce you to the secrets of yourself.” - Guy Finley
“Weak thoughts and feelings often feel strong but remember, real strength is never anxious, cruel, or punishing.” - Guy Finley
“The only way to cultivate a quiet mind is by planting seeds of silence.” - Guy Finley
“On the other side of resistance is the flow of real life.” - Guy Finley
“All things good come to those for whom the Good is all things.” - Guy Finley
“Know that everything is in perfect order whether you understand it or not.” - Guy Finley
“Never run from what you don’t understand, as it will be waiting for you every time you come to a stop.” - Guy Finley
“Never speak out of anger, Never act out of fear, Never choose from impatience, But wait… and peace will appear.” - Guy Finley
“The more time we spend considering the shortcomings of others, the smaller a person we become.” - Guy Finley
“When you realize no one else on this earth can be like you… that no other soul may know the beauty, sorrow, light, and darkness you alone are given to see… then you will, at last, be the fearless individual your Heart of hearts has called you to be.” - Guy Finley
“It takes a long time to become young.” - Pablo Picasso
“Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.” - Pablo Picasso
“Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth.” - Pablo Picasso
“Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.” - Pablo Picasso
“There are only two types of women-goddesses and doormats.” - Pablo Picasso
“It took me my whole life to learn to draw like a child.” - Pablo Picasso
“Everything you can imagine is real.” - Pablo Picasso
“A picture lives only by the one who looks at it.” - Pablo Picasso
“I do not evolve, I am. There is, in art, neither past, nor future. Art that is not in the present will never be.” - Pablo Picasso
“Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar.” - Pablo Picasso
“If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention, than to any other talent.” - Isaac Newton
“To any action there is always an opposite and equal reaction; in other words, the actions of two bodies upon each other are always equal and always opposite in direction.” - Isaac Newton
“An object that is at rest will tend to remain at rest. An object that is in motion will tend to remain in motion unless acted upon by an outside force.” - Isaac Newton
“No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.” - Isaac Newton
“If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants.” - Isaac Newton
“I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.” - Isaac Newton
“Christ comes as a thief in the night, and it is not for us to know the times and seasons which God hath put into his own breast.” - Isaac Newton
“Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.” - Isaac Newton
“What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean.” - Isaac Newton
“Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion.” - Isaac Newton
“I believe the more I study science, the more I believe in God.” - Isaac Newton
“God is the same God, always and everywhere. He is omnipresent not virtually only, but also substantially, for virtue cannot subsist without substance.” - Isaac Newton
“You have to make the rules, not follow them.” - Isaac Newton
“What goes up must come down.” - Isaac Newton
“It seems probable to me that God, in the beginning, formed matter in solid, massy, hard, impenetrable, moveable particles.” - Isaac Newton
“In the absence of any other proof, the thumb alone would convince me of God's existence.” - Isaac Newton
“Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation. I keep the subject constantly before me and wait 'til the first dawning opens slowly, by little and little, into a full and clear light.” - Isaac Newton
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it.” - Elon Musk
“Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough.” - Elon Musk
“My mentality is that of a samurai, I would rather commit seppuku than fail.” - Elon Musk
“I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.” - Elon Musk
“The most ironic outcome is the most likely.” - Elon Musk
“The most entertaining outcome is the most likely, but viewed from a 3rd party viewer.” - Elon Musk
“I think it’s very important to have a feedback loop, where you’re constantly thinking about what you’ve done and how you could be doing it better.” - Elon Musk
“When I was a little kid, I was really scared of the dark. But then I came to understand, okay, dark just means the absence of photons in the visible wavelength — 400 to 700 nanometers. Then I thought, well, it’s really silly to be afraid of a lack of photons. Then I wasn’t afraid of the dark anymore after that.” - Elon Musk
“If you’re co-founder or CEO, you have to do all kinds of tasks you might not want to do… If you don’t do your chores, the company won’t succeed… No task is too menial.” - Elon Musk
“I would just question things… It would infuriate my parents… That I wouldn’t just believe them when they said something ’cause I’d ask them why. And then I’d consider whether that response made sense given everything else I knew.” - Elon Musk
“I think we have a duty to maintain the light of consciousness to make sure it continues into the future.” - Elon Musk
“I don’t spend time pontificating about high-concept things; I spend my time-solving engineering and manufacturing problems.” - Elon Musk
“My biggest mistake is probably weighing too much on someone’s talent and not someone’s personality. I think it matters whether someone has a good heart.” - Elon Musk
“Matter tells space how to curve, and space tells matter how to move.” - Neil deGrasse Tyson
“No one is dumb who is curious. The people who don’t ask questions remain clueless throughout their lives.” - Neil deGrasse Tyson
“If you want to assert a truth, first make sure it’s not just an opinion that you desperately want to be true.” - Neil deGrasse Tyson
“We have come to define significance as ‘I’m special, everything else isn’t: Religions thinking they’re special, cultures thinking they’re special, individuals thinking they’re special. The top 4 ingredients in life, in your body-the top 4 atoms in order are hydrogen, oxygen, carbon, nitrogen. Do you know what the top 4 chemically active ingredients in the universe are? Hydrogen, oxygen, carbon, nitrogen. You are the universe. So upon learning that you aren’t special because you do not contain special ingredients is the same fact that includes the idea that while we live in this universe, the universe lives within us. We’re special because we’re the same.” - Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Knowing how to think empowers you far beyond those who know only what to think.” - Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Look at your audience as people who really need something that you are privileged to give them. The real key to comfort is exactly opposite of this underwear arrogance; it’s an attitude of service.” - Carol Fleming
“All you have to do is decide that something is fearsome and that you are incapable, and your body responds with adrenaline to help you deal with this emergency.” - Carol Fleming
“There is an answer to self-conscious discomfort at social events or during presentations, invest your attention in other people instead of yourself.” - Carol Fleming
“The best all-purpose formula for your remarks is one you’ve heard before: Tell’m what you’re going to tell’m. Tell’m. Tell’m what you told’m.” - Carol Fleming
“The most important thing to improve oral presentations is the organization of the material. Controlling the sequencing of your ideas is the single most important act necessary to clear communication. The human brain does not want a flurry of words and images, but a thoughtfully structured stream of relevant and logical information. For example, business leaders especially want you to announce your topic immediately and make it clear why they should listen.” - Carol Fleming
“In general, your speech is going to be clearer if you do three things: 1. Get your mouth to move more. 2. Speak a bit more slowly. 3. Direct the flow of speech energy out the front of your mouth.” - Carol Fleming
“The most important place to practice for fluency is when transitioning from one thought or paragraph to the next. This is a place where 'uhhh' lurks. Think through the language you will use going from one thought to another. You’ll be so glad you did this.” - Carol Fleming
“We all want to be well-spoken, because we know that (1) we judge people by the way they speak, and (2) we want to make a good impression. To be well-spoken is to be articulate, fluent, and courteous.” - Carol Fleming
“Its like in the great stories Mr. Frodo, the ones that really mattered; full of darkness and danger they were, and sometimes you didn’t want to know the end, because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad happened? But in the end it’s only a passing thing…this shadow, even darkness must pass, a new day will come, and when the sun shines it’ll shine out the clearer. Those are the stories that stayed with you, that meant something, even if you’re too small to understand why. But I think Mr. Frodo I do understand, I know now, folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn’t. They kept going because they were holding on to something. There’s some good in this world Mr. Frodo and it’s worth fighting for.” - J.R.R Tolkien (Samwise Gamgee)
“Courage is found in unlikely places.” - J.R.R Tolkien (Gandalf)
“You cannot pass! I am servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor. You cannot pass. The dark fire will not avail you, flame of Udun. Go back to the Shadow! You cannot pass.” - J.R.R Tolkien (Gandalf)
“Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement.” - J.R.R Tolkien (Gandalf)
“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” - J.R.R Tolkien (Gandalf)
“Saruman believes it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I’ve found. I found it’s the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love. Why Bilbo Baggins? Perhaps because I am afraid, and he gives me courage.” - J.R.R Tolkien (Gandalf)
"The force is what gives the Jedi his power. It’s an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us, penetrates us, it binds the galaxy together.” - Obi-Wan Kenobi (Star Wars)
“Every man dies, not every man really lives. I have been given nothing. God makes men what they are.” - Sir William Wallace (Braveheart)
“I know you can fight. But it’s our wits that makes us men.” - Sir William Wallace's Father (Braveheart)
“No matter how tranquil the world seems, peace doesn’t last long. Peace is a struggle against our very nature. Skin we stretch over the bone muscle ensinue of our own innate savagery.” - Altered Carbon
“The bible, this book, they’re just stories meant to help guide people in the right direction: Love your neighbor, be a good person, that’s it. When you start turning the stories into literal translations of hierarchies and power you end up with malevolence and destruction. When people have no mythology to try and live their lives by they just start spewing a bunch of crap out of their mouths.” - South Park
“Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, weak men create hard times.” - G. Michael Hopf
“Epic forces of dark and light have come into play, and for better or worse, that’s the reality we’re going to have to find a way to grow up in.” - Tony Stark (Avengers: Endgame)
“Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.” - Charles Bukowski
“Find what you love and let it kill you.” - Charles Bukowski
“Dogs and angels are not very far apart.” - Charles Bukowski
“People are strange: they are constantly angered by trivial things, but on a major matter like totally wasting their lives, they hardly seem to notice.” - Charles Bukowski
“If you’re going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don’t even start. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind. It could mean not eating for three or four days. It could mean freezing on a park bench. It could mean jail. It could mean derision. It could mean mockery–isolation. Isolation is the gift. All the others are a test of your endurance, of how much you really want to do it. And, you’ll do it, despite rejection and the worst odds. And it will be better than anything else you can imagine. If you’re going to try, go all the way. There is no other feeling like that. You will be alone with the gods, and the nights will flame with fire. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It’s the only good fight there is.” - Charles Bukowski
“People run from rain but sit in bathtubs full of water.” - Charles Bukowski
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it-basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.” - Charles Bukowski
“Nothing is worse than to finish a good shit, then reach over and find the toilet paper container empty. Even the most horrible human being on earth deserves to wipe his ass.” - Charles Bukowski
“How the hell could a person enjoy being awakened at 6:30AM, by an alarm clock, leap out of bed, dress, force-feed, shit, piss, brush teeth and hair, and fight traffic to get to a place where essentially you made lots of money for somebody else and were asked to be grateful for the opportunity to do so?” - Charles Bukowski
“The nine-to-five is one of the greatest atrocities sprung upon mankind. You give your life away to a function that doesn't interest you.” - Charles Bukowski
“How little do they see what really is, who frame their hasty judgement upon that which seems.” - Daniel Webster
“If all my possessions were taken from me with one exception, I would choose to keep the power of communication, for by it I would soon regain all the rest.” - Daniel Webster
“If we abide by the principles taught in the Bible, our country will go on prospering and to prosper; but if we and our posterity neglect its instructions and authority, no man can tell how sudden a catastrophe may overwhelm us and bury all our glory in profound obscurity.” - Daniel Webster
“Everything that is beautiful and noble is the product of reason and calculation.” - Charles Baudelaire
“Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is working of fate; good is always the product of an art.” - Charles Baudelaire
“Reason is God’s crowning gift to man.” - Sophocles
“You can kill a man but you cant kill a idea.” - Sophocles
“If you try to cure evil with evil you will add more pain to your fate.” - Sophocles
“Go on then if you must, but remember, no matter how foolish your deeds, those who love you will love you still.” - Sophocles
“The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities.” - Sophocles
“To throw away an honest friend is, as it were, to throw your life away.” - Sophocles
“There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money.” - Sophocles
“Nothing vast enters the life of mortals without a curse.” - Sophocles
“States will never be happy until rulers become philosophers or philosophers become rulers.” - Plato
“When the mind is thinking it is talking to itself.” - Plato
“Love is a serious mental disease.” - Plato
“Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion and knowledge.” - Plato
“Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of lover, everyone becomes a poet.” - Plato
“Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, accept it, no matter where it leads him.” - Henry Miller
“When you surrender, the problem ceases to exist. Try to solve it, or conquer it, and you only set up more resistance. I am very certain now that, as I said therein, if I truly become what I wish to be, the burden will fall away. The most difficult thing to admit, and to realize with one’s whole being, is that you alone control nothing.” - Henry Miller
“The man who is forever disturbed about the condition of humanity either has no problems of his own or has refused to face them.” - Henry Miller
“Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.” - Henry Miller
“What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.” - Ellen Glasgow
“Women like to sit down with trouble-as if it were knitting.” - Ellen Glasgow
“Doesn't all experience crumble in the end to mere literary material?” - Ellen Glasgow
“To teach one's self is to be forced to learn twice.” - Ellen Glasgow
“There wouldn't be half as much fun in the world if it weren't for children and men, and there ain't a mite of difference between them under the skins.” - Ellen Glasgow
“Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish.” - Jean de La Fontaine
“Patience and time do more than force and rage.” - Jean de La Fontaine
“Nothing weighs on us so heavily as a secret.” - Jean de La Fontaine
“The true art of memory is the art of attention.” - Samuel Johnson
“Every man has a right to utter what he thinks truth, and every other man has a right to knock him down for it.” - Samuel Johnson
“There is nothing which has yet been contrived by man, by which so much happiness is produced as by a good tavern or inn.” - Samuel Johnson
“A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk.” - Samuel Johnson
“The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, passion.” - Nadia Boulanger
“To study music, we must learn the rules. To create music, we must break them.” - Nadia Boulanger
“Do not take up music unless you would rather die than not do so.” - Nadia Boulanger
“The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.” - Henry Ward Beecher
“Tears are often the telescope for which men see far into heaven.” - Henry Ward Beecher
“Life is not about luck, it’s about doing what you can get away with. If you see somebody hit them with a stick, and keep on goin.” - Tim Dillon
“Comedy is the art of making people laugh at things they would normally be afraid to laugh at.” - Tim Dillon
“The only way to escape the madness is to embrace it.” - Tim Dillon
“Nice places are for when people start loving each other.” - Tim Dillon
“You wanna talk about healthcare in this country? Here's what you're gonna have to do: you're gonna have to put the military around Dennys.” - Tim Dillon
“This is how it ends: sitting in your home, drinking wine out a Burger King cup, watching the fire, and saying 'life in the big city'. And you ain't nowhere near a fucking city.” - Tim Dillon
“Be a person with a car, be a person with drugs, be a person with a gun, be a person with bullets, be a person, be a fucking person.” - Tim Dillon
“There are good people in the world. Not me, not anyone I know, but there are.” - Tim Dillon
“As a comedian, the baseline of my job is to say, 'This seems odd.'” - Tim Dillon
“There are three sides to the internet: Hitler was right, Stalin was right, start a hedge fund and get a six pack.” - Tim Dillon
“If you find out the way the world works, I don't know if you're going to be happier or better for it.” - Tim Dillon
“Many men have feminine qualities, by the way, that are like destroying society. And it has nothing to do with sexuality. Most straight men I know are useless, they cry, they barely work, they live off women, they are lost in a haze of porn.” - Tim Dillon
“Love plus time minus distance equals hate.” - Louis C.K.
“Be less impressed, more involved.” - Matthew McConaughey
“Sometimes, flying feels too godlike to be attained by man. Sometimes, the world from above seems too beautiful, too wonderful, too distant for human eyes to see.” - Charles Lindbergh
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” - Aristotle Onassis
“The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.” - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
“There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.” - Robert Quillen
“Fortune befriends the bold.” - Emily Dickinson
“It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when we have lost our way.” - Rollo May
“It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.” - Jim Rohn
“Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes non-work.” - Milton Friedman
“When I pray, coincidences happen, when I don’t, they don’t.” - William Temple
“With renunciation life begins.” - Amelia Barr
“Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.” - Abraham Lincoln
“Leap, and the net will appear.” - John Burroughs
“The more things change, the more they are the same.” - Alphonse Karr
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.” - Andy Warhol
“Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.” - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.” - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“The more refined and subtle our minds, the more vulnerable they are.” - Paul Tournier
“The great advantage about telling the truth is that nobody ever believes it.” - Dorothy L. Sayers
“You grow up the day you have the first real laugh at yourself.” - Ethel Barrymore
“We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” - E. M. Forster
“The present time has one advantage over every other-it is our own.” - Charles Caleb Colton
“The more often he feels without acting, the less he will be able ever to act, and, in the long run, the less he will be able to feel.” - C.S. Lewis
“Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.” - Napoleon Hill
“The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.” - Carl von Clausewitz
“Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.” - William James
“To live is to think.” - Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Greatness in the last analysis is largely bravery-courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things.” - James Robinson
“There has to be enough space in the minds busyness to notice the subtleties, to feel the softening of the heart, to catch the insights as they arise.” - Stephan Gray
“A man is but the product of his thoughts; what he thinks, he becomes.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“Combine a clear intention with an uncompromising trust in possibility, then you’ll step into the unknown, and that’s when the supernatural starts to unfold." - Dr. Joe Dispenza
“Success-keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.” - Walter Scott
“All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.” - Alexandre Dumas
"All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on." - Havelock Ellis
“The truth is you don’t struggle with depression, you struggle with the reality we live in.” - Keanu Reeves
“Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.” - R. Buckminster Fuller
“You’re never more essentially yourself than when you are still.” - Eckhart Tolle
“Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.” - Andre Gide
“The problem is people are being hated when they’re real and being loved when they’re fake.” - Bob Marley
“I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than by attempting to satisfy them.” - John Stuart Mill
“We cannot put off living until we are ready.” - José Ortega y Gasset
“To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking.” - Goethe
“The less you talk, the more you’re listened to.” - Pauline Philips
“Zeal will do more than knowledge.” - William Hazlitt
“Defeat may serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.” - Edwin Markham
“Let your mind alone, and see what happens.” - Virgil Thomson
"There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves." - Robert Quillen
“If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.” - Maya Angelou
“Life is an adventure in forgiveness.” - Norman Cousins
“Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.” - Paul Tournier
“If you’re lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.” - John Irving
“Top 5 regrets of dying: 1. I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me. 2. I wish I hadn’t worked so much. 3. I wish I’d had the courage to express my feelings. 4. I wish I had stayed in touch with my friends. 5. I wish that I had let myself be happier.” - Bronnie Ware
“Performance = potential minus interference.” - Barry Green
“Regarding creative, emotional or pragmatic endeavors; rather than telling someone what to do using instructions, rephrase the instructions into awareness terms that suggests they learn from their own feeling or experience.” - Barry Green
“Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.” - E. Joseph Cossman
“Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.” - Oscar Wilde
“To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven.” - J.B. Priestly
“We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.” - Stewart Udall
“My father always used to say that when you die, if you’ve got five real friends, then you’ve had a great life.” - Lee Lacocca
“Imagination and fiction make up more than 3 quarters of our real life.” - Simone Weil
“The return we reap from generous actions is not always evident.” - Francesco Guicciardini
“We grow small trying to be great.” - E. Stanley Jones
“The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.” - Gustave Flaubert
“Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.” - Rebecca West
“The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.” - Mark Twain
“A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body-the wishbone.” - Robert Frost
“Man-a being in search of meaning.” - Plato
“Men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread.” - Richard Wright
“Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.” - George Washington
“I like to see the human spirit manifest itself in spectacular ways.” - Joe Rogan
“When I pray, coincidences happen, and when I don’t, they don’t.” - William Temple
“Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.” - Blaise Pascal
“Silence is the mother of truth.” - Benjamin Disraeli
“Nice is dead. Good has a future. Nice doesn’t have a future because nice ends up with gulags.” - Eric Weinstein
“Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.” - Benjamin Franklin
“Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.” - Joseph Brodsky
“I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.” - Charles Dickens
“Either move or be moved.” - Ezra Pound
“In fair weather, prepare for foul.” - Thomas Fuller
“At times I think and at times I am.” - Paul Valery
“It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather our concern must be to live while we’re alive-to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.” - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
“What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.” - Albert Pike
“In order to arrive to the next chapter in life, you have to forget the one that came before you and focus on the chapter ahead of you.” - Mike Tyson
“Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.” - Albert Schweitzer
“The thing that I’ve learned in studying history and in living life is that the thing that makes you happy eventually makes you unhappy. Everything flows; nothing lasts. Not even yourself. This is a hard truth to come to grips with.” - Terence McKenna
“Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.” - Ludwig Van Beethoven
“The sun of evil would be much diminished if men could only learn to sit quietly in their rooms.” - Pascal
“Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.” - Lyndon B. Johnson
“Change is the end result of all true learning.” - Leo Buscaglia
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There’s nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It’s not just in some of us; it’s in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we're liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.” - Marianne Williamson
“Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.” - Albert Camus
“Each circumstance and event, tragic or happy, is attracted to us by what we have been and are, and in itself offers to us, by a right reaction to it, the opportunity of spiritual development.” - Dr. Raynor C. Johnson
“In music one must think with the heart and feel with the brain.” - George Szell
“As far as I can tell, it’s just about letting the universe know what you want, then letting go of how you think it will come to pass.” - Jim Carrey
“Our job in this lifetime is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already are and become it.” - Steven Pressfield
“I don’t think of it as being comfortable, I think of it as having an adventure.” - Alex Honnold
“Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.” - Joseph Campbell
“No doubt about it, Creation and Evolution are both religious faith systems when talking about origins.” - Jobe Martin
“Contrary to popular opinion, addiction is not caused by drugs-even though their repeated use can lead to withdrawal symptoms and physiological dependence. Rather, addiction begins with an inability to connect to a sense of meaning, value, and purpose in life and in oneself.” - Benjamin Taub
“If you love a flower don’t pick it up. Because if you pick it up it dies and it ceases to be what you love. So if you love a flower, let it be. Love is not about possession. Love is about appreciation.” - Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh
“Those forces underneath the surface of you, go dive down and look at them. Just as you dive into those forces, dive into the experiences you’ve had with veracity and attention on visuals and memories stored in your mind of the places you’ve been, seen and lived. This is how to tell a story, relive it, see what you speak." - James Baldwin
“If you want to be the best at something, tell yourself you want to be the best at it and your brain will direct you toward being the best.” - Zig Ziglar
“As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Depression is the ego punishing itself.” - Freud
“Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?” - Charles Bukowski
“The hard times brace you, and the soft times drive you to drink.” - Mark Twain
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” - E. E. Cummings
“'Cogito ergo sum'...translated 'I think, therefore I am.'” - Descartes
“If the government is going to dictate what my job or future is going to be, nobody would appreciate that there would be revolts and there have been revolts, but curiously if God or some divine being or conscious collectiveness dictates this they celebrate it.” - Matt Dillahunty
“Love is an experience of infinity.” - Yogi Kava tea bag
“Hope is a waking dream.” - Aristotle
“Science cannot escape the fact that man himself, like his Creator, must be a nonmaterial being in order to originate the thoughts processed by the brain.” - William Lane Craig
“The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.” - Henry Kissinger
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” - Norman Vincent Peale
“Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.” - Blaise Pascal
“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” - Sharon Begley
“We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are.” - Anais Nin
“Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.” - Mother Theresa
“Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.” - T.S. Eliot
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.” - Leo Tolstoy
“Forgiveness is the final form of love.” - Reinhold Niebuhr
“Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness.” - George Bernard Shaw
“Genius is initiative on fire.” - Holbrook Jackson
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” - Thomas Huxley
“Patience is the companion of wisdom.” - Saint Augustine
“If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.” - African proverbs
“Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.” - Henry Ward Beecher
“Live your life to the fullest extent poss.” - ES
“I miss being in love. I miss trusting people blindly. I miss my innocent self.” - Anonymous
"I'll tell you a secret: I'll tell you why I'm still sucking air today. I'm headed to the ocean. A passing scout told me once, 'When you love somebody, you trade souls with them.' They get a piece of yours, and you get a piece of theirs. But when your love dies, a little piece of you dies with them. That's why it hurts so bad. But that little piece of him is still inside you, and he can use your eyes to see the world. So, I'm taking my wife to the ocean, and I'm going to sit on the beach and let her see it. That was her dream. Then, I'm going to see her. That's my dream." - 1883 (Shea Brennan)